"Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone." -- Anthony Burgess
"A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man." -- Lana Turner
"Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic,  and so am I."  -- Oscar Levant
"A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: She changes it more often. " -- Oliver Herford
"Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes." -- Jim Carrey
"People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do." -- Isaac Asimov
"The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest." -- Kurt Vonnegut
"Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends." -- H. L. Mencken
"Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age."  -- H. L. Mencken
"The only really happy folk are married women and single men." -- H. L. Mencken
"There is always an easy solution to every problem - neat, plausible, and wrong." -- H. L. Mencken
"Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who would want to live in an institution?" -- H. L. Mencken
"Strike an average between what a woman thinks of her husband a month before she marries him and what she thinks of him a year afterward, and you will have the truth about him." -- H. L. Mencken
"An idealist is one who, on noticing that a rose smells better than a cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup. -- H. L. Mencken
"A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin." -- H. L. Mencken
Marge: Now, I know you haven't liked some of my past suggestions, like switching to the metric system -- Abe: The metric system is the tool of the devil! My car gets forty rods to the hogshead and that's the way I likes it. -- The Simpsons episode "A Star is Burns"
"Let's be very honest about what this is about. It's not about bashing Democrats, it's not about taxes, they have no idea what the Boston tea party was about, they don't know their history
 at all. This is about hating a black man in the White House. This is racism straight up." -- Janeane Garofalo
"If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?" -- Steven Wright
"We can repair anything. (Please knock hard on the door - the bell doesn't work.)" -- Sign on door of repair shop
"A verbal contract is not worth the paper it's written on." -- Samuel Goldwyn
"Facts are stupid things." -- Ronald Reagan, Former U.S. President
"I never comment on referees and I'm not going to break the habit of a lifetime for that prat." -- Ron Atkinson
"Solutions are not the answer." -- Richard Nixon, former U.S. President
"Reports are sketchy, but we have heard that in the first heart transplant operation in Belgium, both patient and donor are doing fine." -- Radio news announcer
"I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio." -- Joan Rivers
"I don't feel we did wrong in taking this great country away from them. There were great numbers of people who needed new land, and the Indians were selfishly trying to keep it for themselves." -- John Wayne, Actor
"Happiness is your dentist telling you it won't hurt and then having him catch his hand in the drill." -- Johnny Carson
"A dentist at work in his vocation always looks down in the mouth." -- George D. Prentice
"Every tooth in a man's head is more valuable than a diamond." -- Miguel de Cervantes, Don Quixote, 1605
"If suffering brought wisdom, the dentist’s office would be full of luminous ideas." -- Mason Cooley
"You don't have to brush your teeth - just the ones you want to keep." -- Unknown
